Recommended characters in host names - EN (#4602)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-24.10/monitoring/basic-objects/hosts.md

### Host basic information

> * **Name**: host name used by the Monitoring Engine. Cannot contain `~!$%^&|'"<>?,()=*{}` and spaces will be automatically replaced with _. Using name containing `/` could also create technical impact on SQL request, web UI or other compatibility problems with third-party tools. We recommand only use of `_-.` for hosts name.You may use the `h.name:` syntax in the **Search bar** of the **Resource status** to look up a host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Name**: host name used by the Monitoring Engine. Cannot contain `~!$%^&|'"<>?,()=*{}` and spaces will be automatically replaced with _. Using names containing `/` can also have technical impacts on SQL queries, on the interface or cause other compatibility problems with third-party tools. We recommend that you only use `_-.` for host names. You may use the `h.name:` syntax in the **Search bar** of the **Resource status** to look up a host.
```
